What this great Master now is, as I said, is VU, teachings on the VU. VU, meditation and conduct.
Among the three, we are again in VU. As I said the other day, or maybe many times, said,
"What is meditation?" Meditation is maintaining the VU.
Maintaining the VU means keeping up the VU that you discover, or what you recognize.
That is meditation, keeping up the VU. And that means, for example, in the economy we go like just
what we went a few days ago. What is it? Everything is mind. That was the great Master introduced.
So keeping up that realization is not false statement. It is not again making up statement.
Great Master pointed out so many ways. One after another, everything is mind.
All our perception, conception, appearance is mind. And again, we had also, we asked questions,
any answers, all that things we made. Nobody has questions about that. So everybody knows.
It's really true. It is all mind. Perception is mind. Appearance is mind. It's true. All is mind.
Keeping up that realization is known as practicing. It's known as meditation.
That is not. It's meditation is not something, go different. Let's do something different than this
.
This is the meditation. Meditation in Tibet is called Gom. Great Master and K.K.I.A.R.A,
would you make it many times? And I repeat it too. Meditation in Tibet means making familiar.
Making familiar. We make familiar because this time is not so familiar for us.
Because of dualities, we distracted and carried our force, deluded force for long, so many lif
etimes.
So when the nature is not so familiar, even though it rents to our heart, it's not so familiar.
But meditation means making familiar, familiar, familiar, familiar. And that is what meditation is.
So all is mind. Everything else is perception is mind. And if it is mind, so that is what it is.
Then what mind is? Then again, Great Master introduced, pointed out, mind is empty.
Again, he mentioned many ways he pointed out, I mean, instructions that you have booklet too.
Mind is empty. Again, recognize that and maintain that. It's meditation. That is what it is.
Keeping up that will. Again, everybody knows that. I think you all knew that. And there's no
questions.
We had that. That means you know. You can't understand. It's true. There's nothing much to tell.
Mind is empty. This is what it is. And maintain that. Keeping it. And then what the mind is?
Empty is what? Empty is mind is what? Introducing the appearance. Empty is the appearance.
And this is all we are kind of looking into our mind and introducing one after another this Great
Master.
Or it's what he teaches. It's not something that we are going to do with different laboratories.
And it's trying to discover. We discover right with ourselves, right where we are sitting.
Sitting. All appearance is mind. Mind is empty. The emptiness is appearance or emptiness arising.
Ask a question. We did this. And that is again keeping up that realization. It's meditations.
And then appearance and emptiness has no difference. There's no separate entities at all.
It's a totally union status. Union status. It's one less status. It's inseparable status.
Great union status. That is what it is. Again we again Great Master said if you want to see
appearance in the right side and emptiness in the right side, can you make that? Can we make that?
Again we can't make. We can't really make the divisions of the emptiness in one side or appearance
in one side. There's no separation. That is known as a union. It's separable status. Mind is the
empty as is the empty is the appearance. As again I said and can't keep up the hero which is when
it's time to say. Emptiness, great emptiness, it does not mean the black hole. Dark and cold and
ice.
Ice is fullness and great openness. And that bring that realization. This is known as meditation.
Again I said that all opinion is the emptiness. Mind is the empty. All opinion is the mind
and the mind is the emptiness, the emptiness, the appearance. Those are you know kind of stabilized
stuff. But when we meditate, we don't have to ask although those are kind of analytic ways.
Even though key teaching is directly goes to the target, this is the analytic ways. True,
because we need confidence on our will. We need wisdom. We're not meditating with ignorance.
We don't meditate in the practice. We do wisdom, clarity, understanding, intelligence. Therefore,
this simple inner realization brings back us to the nature as a coin in the Zen Mark Zen
today I believe. It brings back to the nature immediately. So once you have established this,
once you recognize this, I'm not saying you have to do every time. Ask these questions and do this.
And all that and simply relax. That's what great must. Relax without any effort.
Relax, fresh. Without any concerns, play roles. No consumption, relax in the naked
in that state. Without any effort. That when we maintain that will like that way,
that is what is known as meditation. I'll repeat that again and again. It's meditation.
That is known as practices. So now for example when we see things externally, appearance,
all these things, even though they look so big and tangible and all these things,
basically is display of our mind. Not chasing outside, pointing out these and that things,
but practitioner beings, we should have. This is our mind. If there is something kind of certain
temporary conditions played, then we can adjust that. But the blessing is really mine. So kind of
like my confirmation, oh this is my mind. And then it's not hovering in the mind that solid
kind of structure, structure is happening. Mind is empty. Mind, that means total opening.
Open and infinite vastness, praise, as the great master used example, this sky.
Sky even though it is not really the perfect example of the mind, but about the openness aspect,
the space aspect, that is what mind is. So bring realization. Those are known as practices.
If needed, make those analyzations and come to the crucial levels.
Let's call it crucial levels. Come to the crucial level. If needed, otherwise relax with joy.
Occasionally, the great master, master Karmacham is there. Now I say, occasionally bring up the
devotees. Occasionally bring up the understanding of all these phenomena, abundance. Occasionally
bring up the great compassion of both each other to all things, but then rest back to that, that
nature, the nature of the present status. So those are basically again, I just say that the mind
of all this and now.